Added Cobbler and Slurm files (#336)
odidev/ecosystem-dashboard-for-arm: content/opensource_packages/cobbler.md

---
name: Cobbler
category: DevOps
description: Cobbler is a Linux provisioning server that automates network-based system installations, simplifying the deployment and management of multiple operating systems across a network.
download_url: https://github.com/cobbler/cobbler/releases
works_on_arm: true
supported_minimum_version:
    version_number: v3.1.2
    release_date: 2020/05/27

optional_info:
    homepage_url: https://cobbler.github.io/
    support_caveats:
    alternative_options:
    getting_started_resources:
        arm_content:
        partner_content:
        official_docs: https://cobbler.readthedocs.io/en/latest/installation-guide.html
    arm_recommended_minimum_version:
        version_number:
        release_date:

optional_hidden_info:
    release_notes__supported_minimum:
    release_notes__recommended_minimum:

>     other_info: v3.1.2 is minimum version which we have successfully installed in Arm64/Linux platform.

Author: please mention that release notes are not present.

Author: done

>     other_info: v3.1.2 is minimum version which we have successfully installed in Arm64/Linux platform.

Author: ```suggestion
    other_info: Linux/ARM64 release notes are not available. v3.1.2 has been successfully installed on the Neoverse N1, prior versions are failing to install.
```

Author: done
